{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Chute\
\
She never liked this job, the weather buffeted the under hive constantly, of course the chute was built to last, but the myriad of cables, wires and off shoots as such were not so robust. A sensor wailed and Imperial cant wailed over it directing her response to the damage. She could see the severed sensor plug, she hoped it was accidental, not one of the myriad of creatures that caused damage leaching off power or the various chemos gases they were here to secure to keep the Administorium churning above the planets out reach.  \
The sky hook was not going to reach, she hated hooking into the wires, the wires were old not decades but centuries old and never maintained until they were needed it was an impossible task, thousands of click of them winding across the hives outer like a giant spiders web. \
So regardless she canted a prayer to the machines and tethering her hooks to the wire, she leaned back and checked the weight held from the safety of the platform, then she looked past the rail and spat in the direction of the hanging sensor array. The spit dropped off and away, it\'92s moisture causing a static charged cloud a few dozen metres below the deck to spark as it passed through.  She opened the barrier gate lock, she could have just swung a leg over, but then if she fell no one would ever realise where from opening the gate made it visible not just here but some where a mile above her on a control deck sensor panel a mindless automaton would be notified, cameras and sensors would follow her. It wouldn\'92t help but if she fell at least her body would be read to, and her family would be paid. She stepped out, out onto the lower wire where her feet held, her hooks attached above her head to the upper guide and she stepped sideways her hands finding nooks, handles and any thing to keep her held to the stations side as she approached the detached sensor cable. }